---
layout: post
title: "Day 6 – Understanding the Subject of our Research"
date: 2025-06-03
author: Gracelyn Ruth Arunachalam
permalink: /day6.html
tags: ["PM2.5", "AOD", "Python Review"]

what_i_learned: |
  We were presented with a lot of information about our project. Today was a lab day, meaning we spent the entire day learning about our project in the lab. We began our day with a discussion of papers published in google scholar. Each of us picked two papers that we would read and discuss. Upon our discussions, I understood that our project is based on Satellite data and Ground Level measurements, to make predictions about places that do not have ground level measurements. The last segment of our day was refreshing ourselves on our python knowledge and comprehending how we would use it in our project. My biggest takeaway from today was actually getting a more vivid idea of what our project is about. Our project uses measurements of a pollutant called PM2.5 from ground stations and satellite measurements of the AOD in the same area, to train an AI model to predict the PM2.5 concentration in an area that does not have ground stations, using satellite data.
 
blockers: |
  During our first segment, we had a sudden Fire Alarm for which we all had to walk outside our building. We were only able to return to our room after a couple mins, when the alarm had turned off.

reflection: |
   I learned a lot about our project today, and during the python review session, I was able to recall all that I had learned in the python bootcamps from last week. I was also able to understand the various perspectives about our project that my peers have, and the different findings they had picked from the papers they had read. I look forward, to learning how the ground equipment work in regards to obtain data in future sessions.
 ---
